Previously on Reacher...
[Reacher] Lieutenant Colonel
Francis Xavier Quinn.
[Duffy] You want to find him?
- [Reacher] Yeah.
- [Duffy] So maybe
we can help each other out.
You're gonna get in with Beck
by saving his son
- from getting kidnapped again.
- [Reacher] Undercover informant?
The last one you had went missing.
[Duffy] So what can I do for you?
[Reacher] After the fake grenade blasts
and a gunfight,
- Richard won't come with me easily.
- [Villanueva] So what do we do?
We take the option of going to the police
completely off the table.
- [grunts]
- You shot a cop!
- My dad's rich. He can help you.
- Mr. Reacher.
I'm Zachary Beck.
I need to see if you can follow orders.
I'm in.
- How's the bodyguard?
- He's not saying shit.
[Reacher] Well, I might have
a lead on the girl.
Could've been taken into the carriage
house where there's a hidden cellar.
- [Duffy] Is Teresa there?
- No.
But she was.
[tense music playing]
[Duffy over phone] I knew
Teresa was there.
Do you see anything else?
Half-eaten plate of food.
Same one I saw Beck's head of security
take out of the house a few hours ago.
- So Teresa was moved tonight.
- We just missed her.
- She could be somewhere in the house.
- No.
With my arrival
and Richard being home now,
there's too much activity on the grounds.
Too many uncertainties.
They took her off the property.
Security cameras?
From what I saw at the gatehouse,
eight cameras facing
the only road in or out.
Can you get a look at the footage?
The film wouldn't show anything.
Whoever took Teresa
would have her in the trunk.
No way to know what car
she left in or where they took her
once she was out of sight of the cameras.
They could be taking her
somewhere to kill her.
There's no blood in here.
No sign of any struggle.
There is a cot, a blanket, a space heater.
- They fed her.
- [sighs] Thank God.
It's not good news.
If the people who have her
are involved with a guy like Quinn,
they're not keeping her alive and healthy
for a good reason.
- Fuck.
- We'll find her again.
I got to get back to my room
before the rest of the house wakes up.
Okay.
[crickets chirping]
[tense music playing]
[Duke] What took you so long?
[speaking indistinctly]
[Cooper sighing]
Oh, shit, man.
I-I can't sleep in this thing.
It's fucking uncomfortable.
- You see me snoring?
- Oh. Come on, man.
I got to some sleep at some point.
You got the score of the Sox game?
Orioles: five, Red Sox: three.
Goddamn it.
[Eliot] Hey, what's up, boss?
[Duffy] What's Beck doing with Teresa?
- Oh, fuck.
- [Eliot] Hey!
- You don't want to do this.
- Back off! Why are they keeping her?
- I don't know anything about any Teresa.
- [Duffy] Bullshit.
I know she was there.
I told you, I'm just a bodyguard.
I ran your jacket, John Cooper.
- Fuck. Whatever.
- A year for domestic abuse.
Four years, aggravated assault.
Not someone I'd hire to babysit.
[spits] Fuck you.
- Fuck.
- What the hell?
[overlapping shouting]
- Come on!
- [shouting]
- [Villanueva] Go cool down!
- They have Teresa!
- Go cool down.
- They're keeping her prisoner.
I said step outside and cool down, kid.
Now.
[Cooper] Yeah.
Fuck, man.
Twelve bucks of coffee, wasted.
How about you keep a leash on that bitch?
Call her that again, and I'll leave her
alone with you for an hour.
[laughs softly] Thought so.
[Duffy] If that piece of shit
knows anything--
That piece of shit
is being illegally detained.
- No, we can claim that we have--
- We can claim my ass is a ham steak,
but at the end of day,
it's just full of shit.
Look, if we can't pin
any of Beck's dirt on him,
which is a distinct possibility,
eventually, we got to set him free,
and there's gonna be nothing
to stop him from singing about all this.
Eh, he won't talk, he's a fucking skell.
He'll just be happy to be gone.
Maybe. But if you keep beating his ass,
he might carry a beef.
Then who knows what he does.
So keep it cool, Susie Q.
Seriously, Duffy.
This-this is already fucked enough.
I don't want to hear shit
from you, Magellan.
Look, Villy, walk away.
I don't want you going down with us.
Not on a favor I pulled you in on.
Not on something
you had nothing to do with.
Ain't bailing on you now, Irish.
Just keep the RPMs down.
Copy that.
You, get inside and watch the perp.
Do something useful.
Magellan, huh?
'Cause he couldn't read the map?
Sometimes I call him "Ponce de Moron."
[chuckles]
Don't go too hard on him.
He's still part of your team.
Some team. [scoffs]
A rookie, an old fart
and a gigantic vagrant we barely know.
And who are you in all of this?
The idiot who put it all together.
[groans]
- [Duke] What do you mean
you're not sure if it's there?
- [Angel] Well, I-I wasn't there.
- Can your guy help me?
- The big guy inside?
[Angel] Yeah, can he come with me?
He was at the kidnapping.
[Duke] Come on, I'll get him.
[Angel] I just want to make sure,
you know?
[Duke] Anything else you want to tell me?
[speaking indistinctly]
[suspenseful music playing]
Wait here.
Can I go down to the kitchen
and grab a drink?
I don't give a shit.
[grunts]
[grunting]
[panting]
[exciting music playing]
[keys jingle]
♪ ♪
[toilet flushes]
Flattered, but no, thanks.
Get dressed. There's a job for you.
At 3:47?
We found the pickup the kidnappers used.
Cops took it to some state evidence lot
90 miles south of here.
There's a guy downstairs. Angel Doll.
He'll take you to I.D. the truck so
we figure out who tried to kidnap Richard.
Give me five minutes to get dressed.
You got two.
[door closes]
[panting]
[water running]
[line ringing]
- [Duffy over phone] Reacher?
- I've got my first job.
One of Beck's guys is taking me
to I.D. the Toyota pickup.
We made sure all the vehicles involved
were sent to a state police impound lot.
What the hell's their plan for getting in?
Don't know.
I doubt they're gonna just ask nicely.
Look, I know you said the vehicles
- won't come back to us, but--
- They won't.
They're all confiscated
as government contraband.
If they run any plates,
nothing points back to you.
Did you say all the vehicles
went to the same lot?
- Yeah. Why?
- The bodyguard's Audi will be there, too.
Beck thinks a real grenade
went off inside.
The interior should be covered
with blood and brain matter.
They see a pristine car,
the whole kidnapping story falls apart.
Fuck. Okay.
I'm gonna head out there and get
the Audi off the lot before you show up,
but you got to buy me time.
I'll do what I can,
but you better move your ass.
We're leaving now.
[thunder crashes]
So, you were a cop in the Army, huh?
Beck had me run your prints.
What kind of connections you have that you
can get your prints processed that fast?
[laughs] Shit, man.
I got more hookups
than Central Maine Power Company.
I was in the Army too, you know?
Until I got thrown out for some bullshit.
But fuck them, right?
I make more money now
than I ever would have being a grunt.
Duke called you "Angel Doll."
Is that really your name?
Ángel Dole.
That other shit is just a nickname,
'cause my grandma
used to call me her "angel doll"
after I won the Most Beautiful Baby
contest at the county fair.
It stuck, you know?
You won?
Fuck you, man.
I thought Duke was gonna stick me
with that pendejo Paulie.
Always got to play alpha bitch.
But this is my shit today, man.
Once we get back,
I'm gonna call my ex's Aunt Ginny--
she works at the DMV--
she'll run the plates for me.
Why would your ex's aunt help you?
She still loves the shit out of me because
we always watched the Wheel together.
Told you, bro.
More hookups than the power company.
Finding out who went after that kid,
this is the kind of shit
that gets you bumped up, too.
Even Duke used to do grunt work
at the warehouse.
Look at him now, he's number two,
living in that big mansion.
So, Beck promotes from within?
Who gives a fuck what Zachary Beck thinks?
[dramatic music playing]
Who exactly do we work for?
[laughs]
Got a lot to learn, big fella.
Got a lot to learn.
[door opens]
You in charge?
[officer] Uh, only one here,
so I better be.
Agents Duffy and Villanueva, DEA.
Several vehicles
were brought in here last night,
and we need access to one of them.
Evidence sweep.
Uh, yeah, sure.
- Thanks. Just need a few minutes.
- [door buzzes]
She's got it. I'll wait outside.
[sighs]
[tense music playing]
- [phone beeps]
- [line ringing]
How's it looking?
Like it's gonna take longer
than we thought.
The Audi's pinned in.
I got to move a wreck to get it out.
Hopefully Reacher's
figured out a way to stall.
- [♪ Rick Coyne: "Had You So Long"]
- ♪ I know you too damn well ♪
♪ To let it go ♪
♪ I see your troubled mind ♪
♪ Behind your lying eyes ♪
♪ Don't tell me that ♪
- ♪ You're still in love with me...
- [entry bell dings]
The fuck you doing, man?
We got to go.
Just getting a coffee.
Coffee? So, you just made me stop
because you said
you had to "piss like a racehorse,"
and now you're just getting
a large coffee?
I was thirsty.
Wha-- did you get me one?
No.
[entry bell dings]
[tense music playing]
[exhales]
[straining]
[Villanueva] What's happening?
[grunts]
Nothing.
The whole front end's blown out.
I'll come out to help you.
No, no. I need you where you are
so I know when Reacher gets here.
You can't move it on your own.
And you can't lift a paint can
without your hernia belt, so stay put.
Once we get there,
how do we get the cops to let us in?
[chuckles] I got 500 bucks
for whoever is working that desk.
Shitty night shift assignment,
got to be some rookie,
fresh out of the academy,
bottom of his class.
People like that
don't turn down half a band.
Trust me.
And if he does?
Oh, well, then,
I got something else for him
he'll like a lot less.
♪ ♪
Oh, shit.
Duffy. Duffy!
They're here. I'm going radio silent.
[panting]
♪ ♪
[car alarm chirps]
[officer] Help you?
Hey, man, how you doing?
I'm all right.
Hey, I'm looking for a little favor here.
I got popped for a deewee a few days ago
and my car is sitting here now.
Listen, I know I was wrong.
Drinking and driving is stupid.
I could have killed someone.
I did the crime, I'll do the time.
But the thing is that, I was out
that night with my side piece,
and she thinks she left her panties
in my fucking car.
And since my license got suspended,
my fiancée's coming tomorrow
to sign it out...
She finds another girl's coochie-covers?
I'm a dead man.
So my boy brought me out here
to see if we could get
the incriminating evidence
out of the picture.
So, what do you say, huh?
Hook a brother up? I mean...
...I'll make it worth your while.
Huh?
Sorry, I can't let you back there.
[ominous music playing]
I really need to get
that shit out of my car, man.
I know you could use this bread,
and we both know you ain't no Boy Scout,
otherwise you would have
called me already for offering a bribe.
Look, man, this...
this is my second week on the job.
I can't afford to get fired.
You know, I'm saving up for
a down payment on a place in Gorham.
I lose this job, my old lady kills me.
Not looking to jam you up, but I think--
What the fuck did you do that for?
I already killed one cop this week.
Staying with Beck was supposed
to make my life easier, not harder.
[sighs]
[door buzzes]
[tense music playing]
I'm gonna go this way.
[Angel] Yo, found it!
This is it, right?
Yeah,
that's the one that rammed the Audi.
Those fuckers are toast.
[camera clicking]
We good to go?
I didn't get much sleep.
Yeah, let's roll.
Hold up.
That's our Audi right there.
♪ ♪
Yeah.
You said a bodyguard blew up in here?
That's what I saw.
Cleaner than my fucking car.
Doesn't make any sense.
[Reacher] These aren't Maine plates.
Delaware.
This ain't even one of our fleet.
Crazy.
It's the same exact make and model,
even all fucked up in the side.
It's like that car hit this car.
It's not that crazy.
There's probably a couple hundred thousand
of these on the road.
Beck's car's probably in
some temperature-controlled lot
to preserve DNA evidence.
[scoffs]
Well, the Army cop should know, right?
♪ ♪
Wait, whoa. Where are you going?
Told you already, I'm tired.
[scoffs]
And you just gonna run off?
Come on, man, bring it in.
Come on, give it up.
We did that shit tonight, man.
I'm moving on up like
George fucking Jefferson,
you know what I'm saying?
I'm going to sleep now.
You do you, bro.
I still got to dump
this minivan you stole,
then run those pickup's plates.
And then I'm gonna get mine!
[quiet, dramatic music playing]
[gasps]
Monsieur.
What were you doing in my room?
Cleaning.
I just got here yesterday.
Yes, well, no one's stayed
in this room in a while,
and I haven't been
keeping it up like I should,
so when I heard you were out,
I took the opportunity to clean up more.
Did Beck ask you to go through my things?
'Cause I'll save you the time.
I didn't steal anything
and I didn't bring anything.
I noticed. No laundry.
These are the only clothes I own.
Well, if there's anything else you need...
Just some sleep.
Then I'll leave you be.
[sighs]
[exhales]
[knock at door]
Shit.
What are you doing?
Trying to sleep.
There's work to do.
Go talk to Duke.
He and Paulie are in the gym.
[sighs]
[quiet, dramatic music playing]
- [quietly] Hey, Richie.
- [gasps softly]
[grunts]
[pants] Is everything okay?
I just want you to know...
...that it won't happen again.
[scoffs]
Okay.
Richie, listen to me.
It's never happening again.
It already did.
If Reacher weren't there...
...I'd be gone.
You'd probably be getting another package
in the mail with a piece of me in it.
Son, don't talk like that.
Don't even think about things like that.
Dad, I think about it
every time I look in the mirror.
[somber music playing]
[door closes]
[grunting nearby]
[grunting continues]
[labored breathing]
Heard there's work to do.
- You drive a truck?
- Legally?
[Duke] Let's see if it's ready.
Anyone ever get any sleep around here?
Yeah. When we say you can. Wait here.
[labored breathing]
[straining]
How much you bench?
Don't know.
Why not?
'Cause it's stupid.
Come on, you versus me. Let's go.
No thanks.
'Cause you're a pussy.
Bench press proves nothing.
If you really want to know who's stronger,
Bavarian arm wrestling.
Never heard of it.
Get behind that preacher bench.
Elbow on the pad.
Put your arm out like we're gonna
arm wrestle, then make a fist.
I'm gonna grab your fist
and try to pull it down to the pad
while you try to stop me.
Just your strength against mine.
Easy.
Three, two...
Weaker than I thought.
[grunts]
[labored breathing]
[groans]
Sorry.
Hand slipped.
I'll fucking kill you.
Cut the shit. Truck's ready.
Truck can wait.
There's work to do
and boss wants it done now.
Let's go.
Should put some ice on that.
[drops weight]
Keys are in the truck
and there's a GPS in there.
It'll direct you to a location
in New London, Connecticut.
They're expecting you there in six hours.
That's plenty of time,
even with shit breaks.
What about a coffee break?
Drink coffee while you take a shit.
And don't speed.
We don't want you pulled over.
And don't open the back.
You think you can handle that?
Not a problem.
[birds singing]
I said no fucking peppers.
- Oops.
- [phone ringing]
This is bullshit. I'm hungry.
[Eliot] Then eat the fucking peppers.
What's going on?
Beck has me driving a truck to New London.
We need to meet up at a rest stop
so we can see what I'm transporting.
- They didn't tell you?
- No.
You could be hauling Teresa.
Or drugs.
Or rugs. Or drugs in rugs.
Or a fox in a box with green eggs
and fucking ham.
Reacher, just pick a spot
where we can tear that truck apart.
Copy. But I'm on a timeline.
There's a good chance
Beck's having me tracked somehow,
so I only have a few minutes.
Enough time to plausibly
use the bathroom and grab a coffee.
All right, where are you now?
State Route 152, set to get
on Interstate 95 at Pittsfield.
We're gonna have to remove
and replace some solder on the lock.
Okay, there's a rest area
just past Waterville.
We'll meet you there with whatever we need
to get in and out of the truck.
See you there.
- Reacher?
- Yeah?
At the impound we almost got busted,
but we pulled it off.
So, good work.
Easy throwing
those compliments around, Duffy.
You'll pull a muscle.
Wiseass. I'll see you soon.
- [phone beeps]
- [line ringing]
[phone ringing]
- You've got Neagley.
- [Reacher] It's me.
Tell me you're in Chicago
and we're going to a Sox game.
Nowhere near you.
But I need your help.
Then you've got it. What's up?
Can you run down the jackets
on a few names?
Paul Van Hoven--
not sure of the spelling--
Chapman Duke and Angel Dole.
Van Hoven and Dole were Army.
Not sure of Duke.
- Done.
- Thanks.
I'll check in in a day or two.
I'll just call you
when I have the information.
I can't have this phone ringing
if I don't expect it.
That's kind of how phones work.
If the people around me hear it,
there could be trouble.
What the hell are you involved with?
Long story.
Short version,
trouble always seems to find you.
You know,
my case load's kind of light right now.
- Why don't I come help?
- Not on this one.
I know the guy running this
and I can't have anyone else involved.
I'm not just anyone else.
Who are you up against, Reacher?
[call disconnects]
All right.
What the hell's he doing?
[engine turns off]
What's with the hold-off?
In case anyone was following by car,
I counted 72 seconds
from the moment I took this exit.
That's the amount of time it takes
to drive a mile at 50 miles an hour.
And no one would follow visually
at a distance greater than a mile.
So, no one's tailing you?
Not physically.
There doesn't seem to be
any kind of tracker hidden in that cab.
There is this GPS
I'm supposed to be following.
Beck could have someone back
at the office watching my route from afar,
which makes sense considering
his operation's light on manpower.
Yeah, then let's get this done.
I've got an old friend coming to help us.
He should be here any minute.
It's hers.
I've seen her in these a hundred times.
Rugs.
Better than the alternative,
we could've found your girl in there.
- Hey!
- Good to see you, Dickie.
Can't get enough of that wonderful Duff.
[chuckles softly]
Reacher, Villy, this is Dick Grunert.
Trains drug-sniffing dogs
for New Haven PD.
We worked on a few cases together
a couple years back.
Yeah, uh, and I go by Rich now.
And this here is Pfizer.
- Pfizer?
- Yeah.
Because drugs are her business.
You're a fucking idiot.
Yeah, but I can train
the shit out of a canine.
Pfizer! Rauschgift!
There we go. [grunts]
That's thick plastic wrap on those rugs.
Well, the dogs I train can smell
a Christmas fart on New Year's.
And Pfizer's the best
I've ever worked with.
Just like Duff.
Don't know if that's
a compliment or an insult.
[Grunert] Eh.
Dry as Utah on Sunday.
Sorry, Duff. [grunts]
No drugs.
If you're trying to prepare yourself
for what you might find, don't bother.
Can't be done. Just ask the question.
What if there's a cadaver in there?
Well, if there was a body in there,
dead or alive, she would've found it.
Thanks, Rich.
Sure thing. Come on, girl.
No drugs, no body to get rid of.
What'd they even send you
on this trip for?
[tense music playing]
It's a loyalty test.
Russian roulette proves I have guts.
Making the delivery
proves I can be trusted.
Not if we don't get moving again,
right now.
Hey, we still need to solder the lock.
I'll handle that.
Take this GPS and start driving your car.
If anyone's tracking me,
they'll think the truck's en route.
Pull off at the first rest stop after the
first highway sign that reads New London.
- Duffy and I will meet you there.
- Done.
[sighs]
You ever used one of those before?
Just to get a guy to talk.
[chuckles]
Oh.
[♪ The Beta Band: "Dry the Rain"]
♪ This is the definition of my life ♪
♪ Lying in bed in the sunlight ♪
♪ Choking on the vitamin tablet ♪
- ♪ The doctor gave
in the hope of saving me...
- [phone chimes]
[scoffs] You're not gonna believe this.
Try me.
I had a hunch about something,
so I reached out to ICE.
Ever since we got onto Beck,
I couldn't square up
how he's been able to stay so low profile.
No flags at Customs,
no holdups in shipments.
So I asked ICE for search-rate stats
from ports all over the world.
That what you got on your phone?
Yep. And from what I can see,
Zachary Beck's shipments are searched
ten times less than anyone else's.
Always clean?
As a fucking whistle.
That search rate reads like
he's paying off someone at Customs
and getting to choose
which shipments he wants searched
just to keep up appearances.
Mm-hmm. How it seems.
- [truck horn honks]
- Easy, lead foot.
We need to make up time.
We're almost to Villanueva.
You know, Angel said he, Duke, all of 'em,
they're not working for Beck.
He's not the one giving orders.
Then who is?
Quinn?
Didn't ask.
Can't let on I know
more than I'm supposed to.
But if we're taking bets,
I'd say we're getting close.
♪ Junkyard fool with eyes of gloom...
Earlier, you told me
there was no way to prepare
for what I might see
if Teresa was in the truck.
You said that like
you knew it from experience.
[somber music playing]
I worked with a kid like Teresa once.
She was young,
but smart, capable, determined.
A natural, like you said Teresa was.
What happened?
What did Quinn do to her?
Okay.
I get it.
[dramatic music playing]
[brakes squeal, hiss]
Well, guess I'll see you soon.
Guess so.
[brakes hiss]
We've been waiting.
Duke said not to speed.
He also said don't be late.
Rugs.
You work for a rug company.
What'd you think was in there?
Give me the keys.
Get your ass in that truck,
get back to the warehouse.
[tense music playing]
♪ ♪
[brakes squeal, hiss]
[grunts]
[suspenseful music playing]
[Angel] Reacher!
That you, my man?
Where is everyone?
Got off early. Not much to do
until the next shipment's in.
But I had to wait here, for you.
You were tracking my route.
Someone had to.
Where's Duke?
I thought he was gonna pick me up.
On the way.
But I wanted to talk to you first.
About what?
Um, there's, um...
a few things from our trip
to the impound lot that
did not sit right with me, you know?
At first, I thought you were
just stalling in the gas station,
couldn't figure out why.
But then, you protected that cop.
I knocked him out cold.
Yeah, you didn't let me shoot him.
Next time, then.
Eh...
Then I was dumping the minivan--
you know, the-the one you "hot-wire."
I decided to take a closer look,
and there wasn't even a scratch
on the steering column.
You didn't use a screwdriver
to break into it.
I used my hands.
[sighs] That's impossible.
I'm strong. Ask Paulie.
Also, there wasn't any insulation on
the mats from stripping the wires either.
I tossed it.
[laughs]
Okay, okay, okay. So,
while you were in the process
of stealing a car,
you picked up the tiny pieces
of insulation
and threw them out?
What the fuck for?
[vehicle approaching]
[horn honking]
That's Duke. I need to go.
There's something
I don't like about you, man.
There's a lot of things I don't like
about you, so I guess you're ahead.
You're dirty.
I have, like, a seventh sense
for these things.
You're a cop.
You already knew I was an M.P.
No, no, no, no, no.
I mean you're working with them.
- [horn honks]
- You know what?
Why don't we ask Duke
what he thinks of what I just-- [grunts]
[thunder rumbling]
[grunting, straining]
[horn honks]
[grunting]
[horn honking]
[bone cracks]
[honking continues]
What are you, deaf? What's the holdup?
Angel talks too much.
[thunder rumbles]
[♪ The Defiant: "Dead Language"]
[singer vocalizing]
♪ Why go outside and leave this space? ♪
♪ I've got the A.C. blasting my face ♪
♪ And I'd feel awkward and out of place ♪
♪ I've got everything I need right here ♪
♪ At my fingertips, literally ♪
♪ There's an app for everything ♪
♪ So why go back to reality? ♪
♪ It's clearly overrated, my dear ♪
♪ Why fall in love? ♪
♪ Love is blind ♪
♪ Plus, who's got that kind of time? ♪
♪ And now, we walk like zombies
in the land of the lost ♪
♪ A pre-fabricated universe,
our eyes are all crossed ♪
♪ Rest in peace, you dead language
and the time that you've cost ♪
♪ Thank the Lord for opposable thumbs ♪
♪ Asleep at the wheel,
crawling from the curb to the door ♪
♪ I've had some deep conversations
with my living room floor ♪
♪ I should've died at 27
like my heroes before ♪
♪ But I was too busy having fun ♪
♪ And now, we're too busy getting dumb ♪
[singer vocalizing]
♪ Why fall in love? ♪
♪ I heard it's blind ♪
♪ Plus, who's got that kind of time? ♪
♪ And I can't dance,
and I don't drink wine ♪
♪ So what the hell is in it for me? ♪
♪ Why fall in love? ♪